Some good girls don’t improve themselves. The message of being a ‘virtuous woman’ has robbed some good girls of intelligence. They have specific topics they talk about and respond to. When you go to a gathering of some good girls, you will hardly find them discussing highly intellectual stuff. Engage some of them in discussions on politics, finance, business, and you will find that they are mostly ignorant in some of these areas. But when it comes to discussions on how to be consistent in your prayer and word life, or becoming a virtuous woman, they are good. No man wants a dull lady in his life. In a bid to be "spiritual", some good girls lose their femininity. It is good to engage in spiritual activities to grow in God, but when those activities begin to take away the feminine touch from a lady, and makes her look like a man, it is not good. No man wants to marry another man. Even a Pastor wants a lady with her femininity alive; nice makeup, good shape, sweet smell, nice hairdo, cool dress sense, etc. Don't you see their wives? Some good girls fail to keep their femininity alive. They’ve been deceived by the "character is all that matters" saying, which is not entirely true. In most cases it is beauty first before character. No matter how it is re-echoed that people should not judge books by their cover that is the exact thing that happens. Books will always be judged by their covers. When I walk into a bookstore, the packaging of a book determines to a great extent whether or not I will proceed to check the content of the book. The beauty of the clothes on a mannequin standing outside a boutique is what attracts people to see what is inside the boutique. The cloth sellers place it outside so that their potential customers can have an idea of what is inside the boutique. The container of a product is just as important as the content. Men naturally are driven by what they see. A ‘bad’ girl will know the right things to do in order to get a man to notice her, and keep him glued to her. She will make sure she keeps being dynamic until she gets what she wants. After getting the man, she still won’t let her guards down. She’ll try as much as possible to be what that man wants and needs. Even Jesus was first of all attracted by the leaves on the fig tree in Mark 11. The Bible recorded that Jesus was hungry (so he was in search of something). The next thing that happened was that He ‘noticed’ a fig tree afar off having leaves. He was attracted by the leaves he saw on the fig tree. And then he came to see if he might find anything on it. Many good girls don’t know that a close male friend could be a potential husband. Many often say they can’t marry their friends. "He’s just a friend" they say. Who else should be a partner if not a friend turned lover? There are many good girls with good male friends in their lives but they prefer to keep them in the 'friend zone' even when it’s obvious that these guys like them. They ‘friend-zone’ these guys and keep praying that God sends them ‘Mr Right’. And while they are praying to God to send their life partners to them, He is waiting for them to recognise the one He positioned in their lives disguised as friends. 
Relationship principles have no respect for anyone. No matter who you are, good or bad, the consequences of violating relationship principles still apply. Deep in the heart of men is a longing to be RESPECTED. Ladies also want to be respected but it’s a whole different thing for men. Worse is the fact that the African culture adds salt to the soup. A lady may sometimes ignore it or not take it as a big deal when she’s disrespected but a man will never ignore it. It is a big deal to him. Funny thing is, things that communicate disrespect to men are little; the way a lady talks and responds to him, and the way she handles things that matter to him. Most times good girls have high standards. They have a specific kind of man they are looking for. “He must be God fearing, responsible, rich, good looking, and have a cool dress sense. He should also know how to treat a girl right.” The only person with all these qualities the first time you meet him is Jesus Christ. There is no perfect man out there. A man will hardly show up having all these qualities at the initial stage. He will come having some. Sometimes a good girl might have good guys coming around but because she doesn’t see ALL the qualities she wants in them at the same time, she turns them down. Most men fall for 'runs girls' or ladies with a 'runs girl' mindset. A ‘runs girl’ mindset helps a lady understand that pleasing a man is a priority. A runs girl takes her time to understand the psychology of men and ways of pleasing them. While a ‘good’ girl is waiting for a man that will please her and meet her needs, a ‘bad’ girl focuses on pleasing the man and meeting his needs. Because if she succeeds, he will in turn meet her needs. This is basically how the ‘runs girl’ life works. She needs money so she takes her time to look attractive, and also make men go ‘gaga’ with her sexual energy and exploits in bed. The men in return shower her with money and gifts. Many good girls don’t have the mindset of a ‘runs girl’. I am not saying good girls should become runs girls. I am simply saying they should have their mindset; get to know how men think, understand their psychology and know their needs. If you have carefully gone through the points stated above, as a good girl wondering why it happens that most good girls remain single while bad girls end up getting married, they may not all apply to you but you will find at least an area where you are lacking.
Many good girls don’t know that a close male friend could be a potential husband. Many often say they can’t marry their friends. "He’s just a friend" they say. Who else should be a partner if not a friend turned lover? There are many good girls with good male friends in their lives but they prefer to keep them in the 'friend zone' even when it’s obvious that these guys like them. They ‘friend-zone’ these guys and keep praying that God sends them ‘Mr Right’. And while they are praying to God to send their life partners to them, He is waiting for them to recognise the one He positioned in their lives disguised as friends. Relationship principles have no respect for anyone. No matter who you are, good or bad, the consequences of violating relationship principles still apply. Deep in the heart of men is a longing to be RESPECTED. Ladies also want to be respected but it’s a whole different thing for men. Worse is the fact that the African culture adds salt to the soup. A lady may sometimes ignore it or not take it as a big deal when she’s disrespected but a man will never ignore it. It is a big deal to him. Funny thing is, things that communicate disrespect to men are little; the way a lady talks and responds to him, and the way she handles things that matter to him. Many good girls don’t know that good guys are not living in the same room with them. They don’t have a social life. They need to go out so that the good guys can see them. Good guys are not only found in churches or church programs. They can also be found at events, youth summits, talk shows, etc. 
Most times good girls have high standards. They have a specific kind of man they are looking for. “He must be God fearing, responsible, rich, good looking, and have a cool dress sense. He should also know how to treat a girl right.” The only person with all these qualities the first time you meet him is Jesus Christ. There is no perfect man out there. A man will hardly show up having all these qualities at the initial stage. He will come having some. Sometimes a good girl might have good guys coming around but because she doesn’t see ALL the qualities she wants in them at the same time, she turns them down. Most men fall for 'runs girls' or ladies with a 'runs girl' mindset. A ‘runs girl’ mindset helps a lady understand that pleasing a man is a priority. A runs girl takes her time to understand the psychology of men and ways of pleasing them. While a ‘good’ girl is waiting for a man that will please her and meet her needs, a ‘bad’ girl focuses on pleasing the man and meeting his needs. Because if she succeeds, he will in turn meet her needs. This is basically how the ‘runs girl’ life works. She needs money so she takes her time to look attractive, and also make men go ‘gaga’ with her sexual energy and exploits in bed. The men in return shower her with money and gifts.